He said the way my blue eyes shined put those Georgia stars to shame that night. I said, "that's a lie."
When you think Tim McGraw, I hope you think of me.
State the obvious, I didn't get my perfect fantasy. I realize you love yourself more than you could ever love me.
I hate that stupid old pickup truck you never let me drive.
As far as I'm concerned, you're just another picture to burn.
There's no time for tears, I'm just sitting here planning my revenge.
And if you come around saying sorry to me, my daddy's gonna show you how sorry you'll be.
And if you're missing me, you'd better keep it to yourself -- 'cause coming back around here would be bad for your health.
Drew looks at me. I fake a smile so he won't see that I want and I'm needin' everything that we should be.
He says he's so in love, he's finally got it right. I wonder if he knows he's all I think about at night.
He's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar; the only thing that keeps me wishin' on a wishin' star.
So I drive home alone. As I turn out the light, I'll put his picture down and maybe get some sleep tonight.
Oh, I'm just a girl trying to find a place in this world.
Oh, what a shame, what a rainy ending given to a perfect day.
And now that I'm sitting here thinking it through, I've never been anywhere cold as you.
I've been a lot of lonely places.
Hold on, baby, you're losing it. The water's high, you're jumping into it and letting go. And no one knows that you cry but you don't tell anyone that you might not be the golden one. And you're tied together with a smile but you're coming undone.
I guess it's true that love was all you wanted, 'cause you're giving it away like it's extra change, hoping it will end up in his pocket -- but he leaves you out like a penny in the rain.
Corey's eyes are like a jungle. He smiles, it's like the radio.
You're beautiful, every little piece, love. And don't you know, you're really gonna be someone -- ask anyone.
You should've said no, you should've gone home. You should've thought twice 'fore you let it all go.
You should've said no, baby, and you might still have me.
And our daddies used to joke about the two of us growing up and falling in love. And our mamas smiled and rolled their eyes and said oh my my my.
Take me back when our world was one block wide, I dared you to kiss me and ran when you tried.
I was ridin' shotgun with my hair undone in the front seat of his car.
Our song is the slamming screen door, sneakin' out late, tappin' on your window. When we're on the phone, and you talk real slow 'cause it's late and your mama don't know.
Man, I didn't kiss her, and I should have.
I've heard every album, listened to the radio, waited for something to something to come along that was as good as our song.
I grabbed a pen and an old napkin and I wrote down our song.
And you know everything about me, you say you can't live without me.
And you just see right through me, but if you only knew me, we could be a beautiful miracle, unbelieveable, instead of just invisible.
Why would you wanna break a perfectly good heart? Why would you wanna take our love and tear it all apart?
There's somethin' 'bout the way the street looks when it's just rained.
And you know I wanna ask you to dance right there, in the middle of the parking lot.
But you're just so cool, run your hands through your hair, absentmindedly makin' me want you.
And I don't know how it gets better than this. You take my hand and drag me head first, fearless.
And I don't know why but with you, I'd dance in a storm in my best dress, fearless.
'Cause when you're fifteen and somebody tells you they love you, you're gonna believe them.
Back then, I swore I was gonna marry him someday, but I realized some bigger dreams of mine.
We were both young when I first saw you, I close my eyes and the flashback starts: I'm standing there, on a balcony in summer air.
It's a love story, baby, just say yes.
So I sneak out to the garden to see you. We keep quiet, 'cause we're dead if they knew. So close your eyes, escape this town for a litle while.
Romeo, save me, they're trying to tell me how to feel. This love is difficult, but it's real.
Marry me, Juliet, you'll never have to be alone. I love you, and that's all I really know.
Hey Stephen, why are people always leaving? I think you and I should stay the same.
Hey Stephen, I could give you fifty reasons why I should be the one you choose. All those other girls, well, they're beautiful, but would they write a song for you?
I'm not a princess, this ain't a fairytale. I'm not the one you'll sweep off her feet, lead her up the stairwell. This ain't Hollywood, this is a small town.
Now it's too late for you and your white horse to come around.
You're on the phone with your girlfriend, she's upset, she's going off about something that you said 'cause she doesn't get your humor like I do.
'Cause she wears short skirts, I wear t-shirts, she's cheer captain and I'm on the bleachers.
And we know it's never simple, never easy, never a clean break, no one here to save me. You're the only thing I know like the back of my hand. And I can't breathe without you, but I have to.
And I need you like a heartbeat, but you know you got a mean streak.
Well, I'm sick and tired of your attitude, feeling like I don't know you, you tell me that you want me and cut me down.
You don't have to call anymore, I won't pick up the phone.
And you can tell me that you're sorry but I don't believe you, baby, like I did before.
But I miss screaming and fighting and kissing in the rain, and it's 2am and I'm cursing your name.
You looked me in the eye and told me you loved me -- were you just kidding?
And it rains in your bedroom, everything is wrong, it rains when you're here and it rains when you're gone.
There is a video I found from back when I was three. You set up a paint set in the kitchen and you're talking to me. It's the age of princesses and pirate ships and the seven dwarves. Daddy's smart and you're the prettiest lady in the whole wide world.
Now I know why all the trees change in the fall, I know you were on my side even when I was wrong. And I love you for giving me your eyes, for staying back and watching me shine.
But I believe in whatever you do, and I'll do anything to see it through, because these things will change.
I like the way you sound in the morning -- we're on the phone and without a warning, I realize your laugh is the best sound I have ever heard.
And in the middle of the night when I'm in this dream, it's like a million little stars spelling out your name.
Talk to the wind, talk to the sky, talk to the man with the reasons why and let me know what you find.
I'll leave my window open 'cause I'm too tired at night to call your name. Just know I'm right here hoping that you'll come in with the rain.
And you'll never see, you sing me to sleep every night from the radio.
I knew from the first note played, I'd be breaking all my rules to see you.
With your face and the beautiful eyes, and the conversation with the little white lies, and the faded pictures of a beautiful night, you carried me from your car up the stairs. And I broke down crying, was she worth this mess? After everything and that little black dress, after everything I must confess, I need you.
Can you feel this magic in the air? It must have been the way you kissed me.
The best and worst day of June was the one that I met you, with your hands in your pockets and your "don't you wish you had me?" grin.
But like the dollar in your pocket, it's been spent and traded in, you can't change where it's been, reminds me of me.
It takes everything in me just to get up each day, but it's wonderful to see that you're okay.
'Cause I hear he's got his arm 'round a brand-new girl. I've been picking up my heart, he's been picking up her.
When it was good, baby, it was good, baby. We showed 'em all up, no one could touch the way we laughed in the dark, talking 'bout your daddy's farm we were gonna buy someday.
That's when, when I wake up in the morning. That's when, when it's sunny or storming.
I heard she's nothin' like me. I'm sure she'll make you happy.
The picture frame is empty on the dresser, vacant just like me.
I was playing back a thousand memories, baby, thinking 'bout everything we've been through. Maybe I've been going back too much lately, when time stood still, and I had you.
But if this was a movie, you'd be here by now.
You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter. You are the best thing that's ever been mine.
Drop everything now, meet me in the pouring rain, kiss me on the sidewalk, take away the pain.
My mind forgets to remind me, you're a bad idea.
I'm captivated by you, baby, like a fireworks show.
I am not the kind of girl who should be rudely barging in on a white-veil occasion.
Don't say yes, run away now. I'll meet you when you're out of the church at the back door. Don't wait, or say a single vow, you need to hear me out and they said "speak now."
I hear the preacher say "speak now or forever hold your peace." There's the silence, there's my last chance, I stand up with shaky hands, all eyes on me.
The last time you saw me is still burned in the back of your mind; you gave me roses and I left them there to die.
Maybe this is wishful thinkin', probably mindless dreamin', but if we loved again, I swear I'd love you right.
I'd go back to December, turn around and make it alright. I'd go back to December, turn around and change my own mind.
Wondering which version of you I might get on the phone tonight, well, I stopped picking up, and this song is to let you know why.
But I took your matches before fire could catch me, so don't look now. I'm shining like fireworks over your sad, empty town.
Someday, I'll be living in a big old city, and all you're ever gonna be is mean.
All you are is mean, and a liar, and pathetic, and alone in life, and mean, and mean, and mean, and mean.
And I can see you years from now in a bar, talking over a football game, with that same big loud opinion, but nobody's listening.
And the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now.
I'd tell you I miss you, but I don't know how. I've never heard silence quite this loud.
Oh, darling, don't you ever grow up, don't you ever grow up, just stay this little.
All I can say is it was enchanting to meet you.
This night is sparkling, don't you let it go. I'm wonderstruck, blushing all the way home.
Please don't be in love with someone else. Please don't have somebody waiting on you.
Now go stand in the corner and think about what you did!
He was a moth to the flame; she was holding the matches.
She thinks I'm psycho 'cause I like to rhyme her name with things.
She took him faster than you could say 'sabotage'.
Oh, who you are is not where you've been; you're still an innocent.
Wasn't it easier in your firefly-catchin' days? When everything out of reach someone bigger brought down to you?
It's okay, life is a tough crowd, thirty-two and still growin' up now.
Come on, come on, don't leave me like this, I thought I had you figured out. Can't breathe whenever you're gone, can't turn back now, I'm haunted.
So I'll watch your life in pictures like I used to watch you sleep. And I feel you forget me like I used to feel you breathe.
You can plan for a change in the weather and time. But I never planned on you changing your mind. 
Will you take a moment? Promise me this, that you'll stand by me forever, but if, God forbid, fate should step in and force us into a goodbye, if you have children someday, when they point to the pictures please tell 'em my name.
Long live the walls we crashed through, how the kingdom lights shined just for me and you.
Long live all the mountains we moved. I had the time of my life fighting dragons with you.
So don't you worry your pretty little mind, people throw rocks at things that shine.
'Cause I love the gap between your teeth, and I love the riddles that you speak. And any snide remarks from my father about your tattoos will be ignored, 'cause my heart is yours.
He's got his mother's eyes, his father's ambition. I wonder if he knows how much that I miss him.
Got a feeling your electric touch could fill this ghost town up with life.
And just one time, maybe the moment's right. It's 8:05, and I see two headlights.
When Emma falls in love, it's all on her face, hangs in the air like stars in outer space.
But what would you do if I went to touch you now? What would you do if they never found us out? What would you do if we never made a sound?
And here I sit alone, behind walls of regret, falling down like promises that I never kept.
Foolish one, stop checking your mailbox for confessions of love that ain't never gonna come.
Down the block there's an antique shop and something in my head said 'stop', so I walked in.
Even if we'd met on a crowded street in 1944, and you were headed off to fight in the war, you still would've been mine, we would've been timeless.
So even in a different life, you still would've been mine, we would've been timeless.
If I first saw your face in the 1500s up in a foreign land, and I was forced to marry another man, you still would've been mine, we would've been timeless. I would've read your love letters every single night, and run away and left it all behind.
And sometimes there's no proof, you just know. You're always gonna be mine.
I'm walking fast through the traffic lights, busy streets and busy lives.
And I never saw you coming, and I'll never be the same.
Up in your room and our slates are clean. Just twin fire signs, four blue eyes.
This is a state of grace. This is the worthwhile fight. Love is a ruthless game, unless you play it good and right.
This is the golden age of something good and right and real.
Loving him is like driving a new Maserati down a dead-end street.
Losing him was blue like I'd never known; missing him was dark gray, all alone; forgetting him was like tryin' to know somebody you never met. But loving him was red.
Put your lips close to mine, as long as they don't touch.
And I'd be smart to walk away, but you're quicksand.
Two headlines shine through the sleepless night and I will get you, get you alone.
Your name has echoed through my mind and I just think you should, think you should know, that nothing safe is worth the drive and I would follow you, follow you home.
Once upon a time, a few mistakes ago...
Now I'm lying on the cold hard ground, AAAAAAAAAH!
And I heard you moved on from whispers on the street; a new notch in your belt is all I'll ever be.
I walked through the door with you, the air was cold but something 'bout it felt like home somehow.
'Cause there we are again, on that little town street. You almost ran the red 'cause you were looking over at me.
'Cause there we are again, in the middle of the night. We're dancing 'round the kitchen in the refrigerator light. Down the stairs, I was there, I remember it all too well.
You kept me like a secret, but I kept you like an oath.
And you call me up again just to break me like a promise, so casually cruel in the name of being honest.
But you keep my old scarf from that very first week, 'cause it reminds you of innocence and it smells like me.
It was rare, I was there, I remember it all too well.
Just between us, did the love affair maim you too?
It feels like a perfect night to dress up like hipsters and make fun of our exes.
We're happy, free, confused, and lonely in the best way.
Who's Taylor Swift anyway? Ew.
And I confess, baby, in my dreams you're touching my face, and asking me if I wanna try again with you -- and I almost do.
We are never, ever, ever getting back together!
So he calls me up, and he's like, "I still love you," and I'm like, I'm just, I mean, this is exhausting, you know? Like we are never getting back together. Like ever.
Stay, stay, stay, I've been loving you for quite some time, time, time.
This is the last time I'm asking you this. Put my name at the top of your list. This is the last time I'm asking you why. You break my heart in the blink of an eye.
I was reminiscing just the other day while having coffee all alone, and Lord, it took me away. Back to a first glance feeling on New York time, back when you fit my poems like a perfect rhyme.
And darling, it was good never looking down. And right there where we stood was holy ground.
Spinning like a girl in a brand-new dress, we had this big, wide city all to ourselves.
We had a beautiful, magic love affair. What a sad, beautiful, tragic love affair.
And time is taking its sweet time erasing you. And you've got your demons and darling, they all look like me.
New to town with a made-up name in the angel's city, chasing fortune and fame.
Now it's big black cars and Riviera views, and your lover in the foyer doesn't even know you, and your secrets end up splashed on the news front page.
And they tell you that you're lucky, but you're so confused, 'cause you don't feel pretty, you just feel used.
All I know is we said hello, so dust off your highest hopes. All I know is pouring rain, and everything has changed.
And all I feel in my stomach is butterflies, the beautiful kind, making up for lost time, taking flight, making me feel like I just wanna know you better.
The whole place was dressed to the nines and we were dancing, dancing, like we're made of starlight.
Turned the lock and put my headphones on -- he always said he didn't get this song, but I do, I do.
And you throw your head back laughing like a little kid. I think it's strange that you think I'm funny, 'cause he never did.
And it was like slow motion, standing there in my party dress in red lipstick with no one to impress.
What do you say when tears are streaming down your face in front of everyone you know?
This is falling in love in the cruelest way, this is falling for you when you are worlds away.
And it would be a fine proposition, if I was a stupid girl.
Sometimes, in the middle of the night, I can feel you again. But I just miss you, and I just wish you were a better man.
Lord, what will become of me once I've lost my novelty?
We ain't getting through this one, babe.
You could be the one that I keep and I could be the reason you can't sleep at night.
I bet you think about me in your house with your organic shoes and your million-dollar couch.
I bet you think about me when you say, "Oh my God, she's insane, she wrote a song about me," I bet you think about me.
If I was standing there in your apartment, I'd take that bomb in your head and disarm it.
He says he doesn't believe anything much he hears these days. I say, "believe in one thing, I won't go away."
And run, like you'd run from the law. Darling, let's run, run from it all.
'Cause they don't know about the night in the hotel, they weren't riding in the car when we both fell. Didn't read the note on the Polaroid picture, they don't know how much I miss you.
And so it was, we never saw it coming. Not trying to fall in love, but we did like children running.
Everybody's waiting for you to break down, everybody's watching to see the fallout, even when you're sleeping, sleeping, keep your eyes open.
Just close your eyes, the sun is going down. You'll be alright, no one can hurt you now. Come morning light, you and I'll be safe and sound.
Don't you dare look out your window, darlin', everything's on fire.
La la la, ha ha ha!
I'm like 8 foot 4, blonde hair to the floor, you shorties never thought I dreamed about rapping hardcore.
I'm so gangsta, you can find me baking cookies at night. You out clubbing, but I just made caramel delight.
When we first dropped our bags on apartment floors, took our broken hearts, put them in a drawer.
Nice to meet you, where you been? I could show you incredible things.
Magic, madness, heaven, sin.
Love's a game, wanna play?
So hey, let's be friends, I'm dying to see how this one ends.
I can make the bad guys good for a weekend.
So it's gonna be forever or it's gonna go down in flames.
Stolen kisses, pretty lies, you're the king, baby, I'm your queen.
I've got a blank space, baby, and I'll write your name.
Find out what you want, be that girl for a month. But the worst is yet to come -- oh no!
Screaming, crying, perfect storms.
'Cause darling, I'm a nightmare dressed like a daydream.
Boys only want love if it's torture, don't say I didn't, say I didn't warn ya.
Midnight, you come and pick me up, no headlights.
You got that James Dean daydream look in your eye, and I got that red lip classic thing that you like.
Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet?
The night we couldn't quite forget, when we decided to move the furniture so we could dance, baby, like we stood a chance.
Remember when you hit the brakes too soon, twenty stitches in a hospital room?
People like you always want back the love the gave away, and people like me wanna believe you when you say you've changed.
Hey, all you had to do was stay. Had me in the palm of your hand then, why'd you have to go and lock me out when I let you in?
People like you always want back the love they pushed aside, but people like me are gone forever when you say goodbye.
I stay out too late, got nothing in my brain, that's what people say.
The haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate. Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake.
Hey hey hey, just think, while you've been gettin' down and out about the liars and the dirty, dirty cheats of the world, you could've been gettin' down to this sick beat.
I wish we could go back and remember what we were fighting for. And I wish you knew that I miss you too much to be mad anymore.
2am, here we are, see your face, hear my voice in the dark.
Wish I never hung up the phone like I did, I wish you knew that I'll never forget you as long as I live.
'Cause baby, now we got bad blood.
Band-aids don't fix bullet holes.
Say you'll remember me standing in a nice dress, staring at the sunset, babe.
Say you'll see me again even if it's just in your wildest dreams.
Remind her how it used to be, with pictures in frames of kisses on cheeks.
In silent screams, in wildest dreams, I never dreamed of this.
When you're young, you just run, but you come back to what you need.
Love's a fragile little flame, it could burn out.
Baby, I know places we won't be found.
Loose lips sink ships all the damn time.
They take their shots, but we're bullet proof, and you know for me, it's always you.
You're still all over me like a wine-stained dress I can't wear anymore.
I think I am finally clean.
Ten months sober, I must admit, just because you're clean, don't mean you don't miss it. Ten months older, I won't give in, now that I'm clean, I'm never gonna risk it.
Didn't they tell us, don't rush into things? Didn't you flash your green eyes at me? Haven't you heard what becomes of curious minds?
So we went on our way, too in love to think straight.
It's all fun and games 'til somebody loses their mind.
And in the end, in Wonderland we both went mad.
No proof, not much, but you saw enough.
You can hear it in the silence, you can feel it on the way home, you can see it with the lights out.
You two are dancing in a snowglobe 'round and 'round, and he keeps a picture of you in his office downtown. And you understand now why they lost their minds and fought the wars, and why I've spent my whole life trying to put it into words.
We wait for trains that just aren't coming.
The rumors are terrible and cruel, but honey, most of them are true.
Please take my hand and please take me dancing and please leave me stranded, it's so romantic.
Got love-struck, went straight to my head. Got lovesick all over my bed.
But if I'm all dressed up, they might as well be lookin' at us.
In a world of boys, he's a gentleman.
Why'd you have to lead me on? Why'd you have to twist the knife? Walk away and leave me bleedin', bleedin'.
I said, "I love you." You say nothing back.
Truth is, I can't pretend it's platonic. It's just ended.
I don't have to pretend I like acid rock, or that I'd like to be on a mega-yacht with important men who think important thoughts. Guess maybe I am better off now that we don't talk.
I didn't come here to make friends. We were born to be suburban legends.
And you kiss me in a way that's gonna screw me up forever.
I broke my own heart 'cause you were too polite to do it.
Waves crash to the shore, I dash to the door. You don't known anymore, and I always knew it -- that my life would be ruined.
Oh Lord, I think about jumping off of very tall somethings just to see you come running.
If she's got blue eyes, I will surmise that you'll probably date her.
Are you ready for it?
Baby, let the games begin.
Oh, you and me would be a big conversation.
I swear I don't love the drama, it loves me.
You've been calling my bluff on all my usual tricks, so here's the truth from my red lips.
Ratatatatatatatatatatata!
They say I did something bad, then why's it feel so good?
They never see it coming, what I do next. This is how the world works, you gotta leave before you get left.
But if he drops my name, then I owe him nothing. And if he spends my change, then he had it coming.
Don't blame me, love made me crazy. If it doesn't, you ain't doin' it right.
And baby, for you, I would fall from grace just to touch your face.
Do the girls back home touch you like I do?
Sometimes I wonder, when you sleep, are you ever dreaming of me?
Honey, I rose up from the dead, I do it all the time.
All I think about is Karma.
I'm sorry, the old Taylor can't come to the phone right now. Why? Oh, 'cause she's dead!
And all the pieces fall right into place. Getting caught up in a moment, lipstick on your face.
I'm yours to keep and I'm yours to lose.
You should think about the consequence of your magnetic field being a little too strong.
Guess I'll just stumble on home to my cats, alone... unless you wanna come along?
It was the best of times, the worst of crimes...
No, nothing good starts in a getaway car.
It hit you like a shotgun shot to the heart.
I'm in a getaway car, I left you in a motel bar. Put the money in a bag and I stole the keys; that was the last time you ever saw me.
Now you try on calling me "baby" like trying on clothes.
'Cause all the boys in their expensive cars, with their Range Rovers and their Jaguars, never took me quite where you do.
Is this the end of all the endings? My broken bones are mending.
Oh, twenty-five years old. Oh, how were you to know?
I could spend forever with your hands in my pockets, pictures of your face in an invisible locket.
And if I get burned, at least we were electrified.
And so I took an axe to a mended fence.
Here's a toast to my real friends, they don't care about the he said, she said.
This is why we can't have nice things, darling, because you break them, I had to take them away.
My baby's fly like a jet stream, high above the whole scene, loves me like I'm brand new.
And I know I make the same mistakes every time, bridges burn, I never learn, at least I did one thing right.
There's glitter on the floor after the party, girls carrying their shoes down in the lobby.
Don't read the last page, but I stay when you're lost, and I'm scared, and you're turning away.
I want your midnights, but I'll be cleaning up bottles with you on New Year's Day.
You squeeze my hand three times in the back of the taxi.
Please don't ever become a stranger whose laugh I could recognize anywhere.
But then something happened one magical night: I forgot that you existed.
Devils roll the dice, angels roll their eyes.
And I screamed for whatever it's worth, "I love you," ain't that the worst thing you ever heard?
We could leave the Christmas lights up 'til January.
Have I known you twenty seconds or twenty years?
Can I go where you go? Can we always be this close, forever and ever?
You're my, my, my, my lover.
And I'm highly suspicious that everyone who sees you wants you.
Ladies and gentlemen, will you please stand? With every guitar string scar on my hand, I take this magnetic force of a man to be my lover.
My heart's been borrowed and yours has been blue. All's well that ends well to end up with you.
And you'll save all your dirtiest jokes for me. And at every table, I'll save you a seat.
I'm so sick of running as fast as I can, wondering if I'd get there quicker if I was a man.
'Cause if I was a man, I'd be the man.
I've got a hundred thrown-out speeches I almost said to you.
Who could ever leave me, darling? But who could stay?
And all of my heroes die all alone; help me hold onto you.
All the king's horses and all the king's men couldn't put me together again.
He got my heartbeat skipping down 16th Avenue.
Lyrical smile, indigo eyes, hand on my thigh, we could follow the sparks, I'll drive.
No cameras catch my pageant smile; I counted days, I counted miles.
It's you and me, there's nothing like this: Miss Americana and The Heartbreak Prince.
It's been a long time coming.
I like shiny things, but I'd marry you with paper rings.
And I hope I never lose you, hope it never ends. I'd never walk Cornelia Street again.
And baby, I get mystified by how this city screams your name.
Barefoot in the kitchen, sacred new beginnings that became my religion. Listen... I hope I never lose you.
Saying goodbye is death by a thousand cuts, flashbacks waking me up.
My heart, my hips, my body, my love. Trying to find a part of me that you didn't touch.
Paper cut stings from our paper thin plans.
My time, my wine, my spirit, my trust. Trying to find a part of me you didn't take up.
But I'll be alright, it's just a thousand cuts.
Babes, don't threaten me with a good time.
They say home is where the heart is, but God, I love the English.
I'm New York City, I still do it for you, babe.
But we might just get away with it, religion's in your lips, even if it's a false god, we'd still worship.
I know heaven's a thing; I go there when you touch me.
And snakes and stones never broke my bones.
You need to calm down.
'Cause shade never made anybody less gay!
I blew things out of proportion, now you're blue.
Meet me in the afterglow.
I promise that you'll never find another like me.
Hey kids, spelling is fun!
Me-hee-hee, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh!
Light pink sky, up on the roof. Sun sinks down, no curfew. 20 questions, we tell the truth.
Something gave you the nerve to touch my hand. It's nice to have a friend.
I don't wanna look at anything else now that I saw you. I don't wanna think of anything else now that I thought of you.
I've been sleeping so long in a twenty-year dark night. And now I see daylight.
And I can still see it all in my mind; all of you, all of me, intertwined. I once believed love would be black and white. But it's golden.
I once believed love would be burning red. But it's golden.
I wanna be defined by the things that I love. Not the things I hate. Not the things that I'm afraid of... I'm afraid of. Not the things that haunt me in the middle of the night. I, I just think that you are what you love.
A heart is drawn around your name in someone's handwriting -- not mine.
I wanna teach you how forever feels.
In my heart is a Christmas tree farm, where the people would come to dance under sparkles and lights, bundled up in their mittens and coats, and the cider would flow.
Macavity, Macavity, there's no one like Macavity.
You know the greatest films of all time were never made.
And if my wishes came true, it would've been you.
If one thing had been different, would everything be different today?
Vintage tee, brand new phone. High heels on cobblestones.
When you are young, they assume you know nothing.
But I knew you, dancin' in your Levi's, drunk under a streetlight.
But I knew you, playing hide-and-seek and giving me your weekends.
I knew you, your heartbeat on the High Line, once in twenty lifetimes.
You drew stars around my scars, but now I'm bleedin'.
'Cause I knew you, steppin' on the last train, marked me like a bloodstain. I knew you, tried to change the ending, Peter losing Wendy. I knew you, leavin' like a father, running like water.
I knew I'd curse you for the longest time, chasin' shadows in the grocery line.
Rebekah rode up on the afternoon train, it was sunny.
The wedding was charming, if a little gauche.
There goes the maddest woman this town has ever seen. She had a marvelous time ruinin' everything.
There goes the last great American dynasty.
They say she was seen on occasion, pacing the rocks, staring out at the midnight sea. And in a feud with her neighbor, she stole his dog and dyed it key lime green.
Fifty years is a long time. Holiday House sat quietly on that beach, free of women with madness, their men and bad habits -- and then it was bought by me.
I had a marvelous time ruinin' everything.
I can see you standing honey, with his arms around your body -- laughin', but the joke's not funny at all.
I think I've seen this film before, and I didn't like the ending.
I can see you starin', honey, like he's just your understudy. Like you'd get your knuckles bloody for me.
I gave so many signs.
I didn't have it in myself to go with grace.
And if I'm dead to you, why are you at the wake? Cursing my name, wishing I stayed.
We gather stones, never knowing what they'll mean. Some to throw, some to make a diamond ring.
And I can go anywhere I want, anywhere I want -- just not home.
And you can aim for my heart, go for blood -- but you would still miss me in your bones.
And I still talk to you, when I'm screaming at the sky. And when you can't sleep at night, you hear my stolen lullabies.
I didn't have it in myself to go with grace, and so the battleships will sink beneath the waves.
Hush, when no one is around, my dear, you'll find me on my tallest tiptoes, spinnin' in my highest heels, love, shinin' just for you.
And I'm still a believer, but I don't know why. I've never been a natural, all I do is try, try, try.
Sweet tea in the summer, cross your heart, won't tell no other.
Love you to the moon and to Saturn.
And I've been meaning to tell you, I think your house is haunted, your dad is always mad and that must be why.
Salt air, and the rust on your door -- I never needed anything more.
August sipped away like a bottle of wine.
For me, it was enough to live for the hope of it all, cancel plans just in case you'd call.
But I can see us lost in the memory, August slipped away into a moment in time.
I've been having a hard time adjusting. I had the shiniest wheels, now they're rusting.
What started in beautiful rooms ends with meetings in parking lots.
Look at this godforsaken mess that you made me. You showed me colors you know I can't see with anyone else.
And isn't it just so pretty to think, all along there was some invisible string tying you to me?
Bold was the waitress on our three-year trip, getting lunch down by the Lakes -- she said I looked like an American singer.
Cold was the steel of my axe to grind for the boys who broke my heart -- now I send their babies presents.
Time, wondrous time, gave me the blues and then purple-pink skies, and it's cool, baby, with me.
And there's nothing like a mad woman; what a shame she went mad.
Now I breathe flames each time I talk, my cannons all firing at your yacht.
It's obvious that wanting me dead has really brought you two together.
Something med school did not cover -- someone's daughter, someone's mother holds your hand through plastic now.
Only twenty minutes to sleep, but you dream of some epiphany, just one single glimpse of relief to make some sense of what you've seen.
Betty, I won't make assumptions about why you switched your homeroom, but I think it's 'cause of me.
You heard the rumors from Inez, you can't believe a word she says most times, but this time it was true.
But if I just showed up at your party, would you have me? Would you want me?
I'm only seventeen, I don't know anything, but I know I miss you.
So I showed up at your party. Yeah, I showed up at your party.
Will you kiss me on the porch in front of all your stupid friends?
But I know I miss you, standing in your cardigan, kissin' in my car again stopped at a streetlight, you know I miss you.
No, I could never give you peace.
But I'm a fire, and I'll keep your brittle heart warm if your cascade ocean wave blues come.
All these people think love's for show, but I would die for you in secret.
And you know that I'd swing with you for the fences, sit with you in the trenches, give you my wild, give you a child.
My only one. My smoking gun. My eclipsed sun.
Your faithless love's the only hoax I believe in.
You knew the hero died, so what's the movie for?
My broken drum, you have beaten my heart.
Take me to the lakes where all the poets went to die. I don't belong, and my beloved, neither do you.
I've come too far to watch some name-dropping sleaze tell me what are my words worth.
The more that you say, the less I know. Wherever you stray, I follow.
I'm begging for you to take my hand, wreck my plans, that's my man.
Every bait-and-switch was a work of art.
Because I dropped your hand while dancing, left you out there standing, crestfallen on the landing, champagne problems.
Your heart was glass; I dropped it.
And soon they'll have the nerve to deck the halls that we once walked through.
One for the money, two for the show -- I never was ready, so I watched you go.
I don't like that falling feels like flying 'til the bone crush.
What must it be like to grow up that beautiful? With your hair falling into place like dominoes.
And the coastal town we wandered 'round had never seen a love as pure as it.
I'm stayin' at my parents house and the road not taken looks real good now.
Time flies, messy as the mud on your truck tires, now I'm missing your smile, hear me out.
I know my love should be celebrated, but you tolerate it.
I made you my temple, my mural, my sky. Now I'm begging for footnotes in the story of your life.
Este's a friend of mine, we meet up every Tuesday night for dinner and a glass of wine.
Este wasn't there Tuesday night at Olive Garden, at her job, or anywhere.
No, no body, no crime, but I ain't lettin' up until the day I die.
Good thing my daddy made me get a boating license when I was fifteen, and I've cleaned enough houses to know how to cover up a scene.
I was dancing when the music stopped.
I hope she'll be a beautiful fool who takes my spot next to you.
You haven't met the new me yet.
No one teaches you what to do when a good man hurts you, and you know you hurt him too.
Hey Dorothea, do you ever stop and think about me?
Did I close my fist around something delicate? Did I shatter you?
And I'm sitting on a bench in Coney Island, wondering, "where did my baby go?"
How's one to know, I'd meet you where the spirit meets the bones, in a faith-forgotten land?
My pain fits in the palm of your freezing hand taking mine, but it's been promised to another.
My house of stone, your ivy grows, and now I'm covered in you.
So yeah, it's a fire, it's a goddamn blaze in the dark, and you started it.
Takes one to know one, you're a cowboy like me.
Now you hang from my lips like the Gardens of Babylon, with your boots beneath my bed, forever is the sweetest con.
If the shoe fits, walk in it 'til your high heels break.
And I fell from the pedestal, right down the rabbit hole, long story short it was a bad time.
No more keepin' score, now I just keep you warm.
Past me, I wanna tell you not to get lost in these petty things. Your nemeses will defeat themselves before you get the chance to swing.
Yes, I got your letter. Yes, I'm doing better.
I replay my footsteps on each stepping stone, trying to find the one where I went wrong. Writing letters addressed to the fire.
Hey, December, guess I'm feeling unmoored.
Friends break up, friends get married, strangers get born, and strangers get buried.
Help, I'm still at the restaurant, still sitting in a corner I haunt, cross-legged in the dim light.
Did you hear about the girl who lives in delusion? Breakups happen every day, you don't have to lose it.
I'm sure that you got a wife out there, kids and Christmas, but I'm unaware, 'cause I'm right where I cause no harm, mind my business, if our love died young, I can't bear witness.
Sometimes giving up is the strong thing. Sometimes to run is the brave thing. Sometimes walking out is the one thing that will find you the right thing.
He's got my past frozen behind glass -- but I've got me.
Meet me at midnight.
I feel the lavender haze creeping up on me.
Get it off your chest, get it off my desk.
The mark they saw on my collarbone, the rust that grew between telephones, the lips I used to call home -- so scarlet, it was maroon.
I have this thing where I get older, but just never wiser.
It's me -- hi! I'm the problem, it's me.
I have this dream my daughter-in-law kills me for the money -- she thinks I left them in the will. The family gathers 'round and reads it, and then someone screams out, "she's laughing up at us from Hell!"
Flying in a dream, stars by the pocketful. You wanting me tonight feels impossible. But it's comin' down, no sound, it's all around.
From sprinkler splashes to fireplace ashes, I gave my blood, sweat, and tears for this. I hosted parties and starved my body like I'd be saved by a perfect kiss. The jokes weren't funny, I took the money, my friends from home don't know what to say. I looked around in a blood-soaked gown and I saw something they can't take away.
'Cause there were pages turned with the bridges burned; everything you lose is a step you take.
So make the friendship bracelets, take the moment and taste it, you've got no reason to be afraid.
You're on your own, kid. Yeah, you can face this.
He was sunshine; I was midnight rain.
I guess sometimes we all get just what we wanted, just what we wanted. And he never thinks of me except when I'm on TV.
And I never think of him, except on midnights like this.
Can I ask you a question? Did you ever have someone kiss you in a crowded room?
Did you leave her house in the middle of the night? Did you wish you'd put up more of a fight when she said it was too much? Do you wish you could still touch her? It's just a question.
Does it feel like everything's just like second best after that meteor strike?
I don't dress for women, I don't dress for men. Lately, I've been dressing for revenge.
Don't get sad, get even.
And by the way, I'm going out tonight.
Best believe I'm still bejeweled -- when I walk in the room, I can still make the whole place shimmer.
Nice!
And I miss you... but I miss sparkling.
What's a girl gonna do? A diamond's gotta shine.
Breathe in, breathe through, breathe deep, breathe out.
Uh oh, I'm falling in love. Oh no, I'm falling in love again. Oh, I'm falling in love.
Break up, break free, break through, break down.
And I keep my side of the street clean, you wouldn't know what I mean.
Karma is my boyfriend. Karma is a god. Karma is the breeze in my hair on the weekend. Karma's a relaxing thought. Aren't you envious that for you, it's not?
Sweet like honey, karma is a cat purring in my lap 'cause it loves me.
Ask me what I learned from all those years, ask me what I earned from all those tears. Ask me why so many fade, but I'm still here.
On the way home, I wrote a poem. You say, "what a mind." This happens all the time.
To you, I can admit that I'm just too soft for all of it.
What if I told you none of it was accidental?
I'm the wind in our free-flowing sails and the liquor in our cocktails.
What if I told you I'm a mastermind?
No one wanted to play with me as a little kid, so I've been scheming like a criminal ever since to make them love me and make it seem effortless -- this is the first time I've felt the need to confess.
And I swear, I'm only cryptic and Machiavellian 'cause I care.
We can plant a memory garden. Say a solemn prayer, place a poppy in my hair.
There's no morning glory, it was war. It wasn't fair.
Your ex-friend's sister met someone at a club, and he kissed her. Turns out it was that guy you hooked up with ages ago, some wannabe Z-lister. And all the outfits were terrible, 2003 unbearable. Did you see the photos? No, I didn't, but thanks though.
I'm so in love that I might stop breathing, drew a map on your bedroom ceiling.
Do you really want to know where I was April 29th?
I think there's been a glitch...
A brief interruption, a slight malfunction.
God rest my soul, I miss who I used to be.
Living for the thrill of hitting you where it hurts. Give me back my girlhood, it was mine first.
Dear reader, if it feels like a trap, you're already in one.
I prefer hiding in plain sight.
Freedom felt like summer then, on the coast. Now the sun burns my heart and the sand hurts my feelings.
And I never don't cry at the bar -- yeah, my sadness is contagious. I slur your name 'til someone puts me in a car. I stopped receiving invitations.
You were the one that I loved -- don't need another metaphor, it's simple enough.
Bet I could still melt your world, argumentative antithetical dreamgirl.
Remeber looking at this room -- we loved it 'cause of the light. Now I just sit in the dark and wonder if it's time.
I can't find a pulse, my heart won't start anymore.
And I wouldn't marry me either, a pathological people-pleaser who only wanted you to see her.
Stop. You're losing me.
